Update material of technical writing lecture (#161)
Simulation-Software-Engineering/Lecture-Material: 04_documentation/technical_writing_slides.md

## Technical Writing in Research Software

- Like in a startup, **no dedicated technical writer in team** (even for large projects). Everybody does everything.
    - --> You need writing skills.

> - In research, we write a lot (papers, proposals, lecture material, ...).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In research, one writes a lot (papers, proposals, lecture material, ...).
```
I think we can avoid *we* where is may sound like *we the researchers, and you the students* as a differentiation.
